you
hey guys Jayden here and welcome to
another video my recap commentaries
here's just a short video of me here on
a worldwide race on Rainbow Road not one
of my better times in this frustrating
track but it does help with my topic of
today and that is rage quitting which
was a request by one of my friends now
I'm a very calm person but when it comes
to gay things happening online that
caused me to lose or fall back down low
and third I tended to hear just a little
bit angry one on one such occasion I got
so angry I threw my controller across
the room and kicked my way off
accompanied by a fabulous ring and now I
love this game as I've said from my
other video but when you're blue shelled
right before you cross the finish line
it happens to be very very annoying but
nonetheless rage quitting can be very
funny on the other hand sometimes when
you say someone get Greek to the point
that you want to piss yourself laughing
it can be quite hilarious but what
happens you it's not so I guess mainly
depends on how you're going and how your
plane and if the day is treating you
well then and then um at the moment I
currently am part of this um Facebook
group called Lanka house Marie cart
thing I don't have the thing I mean
right now get it up Lanka houses mario
kart wii online league is very good is
just everyone should go and join it it's
very good very nice people there that
are willing to verse and it's just a
good community they have good armed
leagues and a good point system that
goes throughout the whole year and then
the top 12 people go head-to-head for
the title of the year so I suggest
everyone to go and join that group it is
very good and you can get a lot of fun
out of it it's it hasn't got that much
members at the moment but if everyone
can join it would be massive help to
them and everyone that joins
is cool yes aha I may also be
incorporating some videos from some
online verses from there which shall be
then probably commentating on them as
well so I'll put put them up as late
date and I'll have more I'll try to
upload videos more quicker like I'll try
to do once a week from now on
so I can just you know get my series up
and running and yeah any if anyone wants
to post a topic you want to talk about
feel free to do more than happy to talk
about new ideas feel free to add me as
well I love first new people seeing you
techniques that people use and then
apply them to my so I can get better and
become a good racer and that is pretty
much it I this is Jayden please like and
subscribe and I'll see you next time
cheese
you